Precision in the instructions to avoid an error (#237)
gazebosim/docs: citadel/sensors.md

The definition of the `<sensor>` is straight forward, we just define the `name` and the `type` of the sensor. And inside the `collision` we define the box link collision name which is `collision`.

> We need also to add the `TouchPlugin` under the link in the `wall` model as follows:

Reviewer: I can see how the original wording can be confusing, but I think that the suggested wording may have people putting the plugin inside `<link>`. How about:

```suggestion
We need also to add the `TouchPlugin` inside the `wall` model as follows:
```

Reviewer: Ping @isabelleysseric , what do you think?

Reviewer: @isabelleysseric , I see you marked this comment as resolved, but you haven't addressed. Do you agree with the suggestion?
